♪ PAW Patrol, PAW Patrol ♪
♪ We'll be there on the double ♪
♪ Whenever there's a problem ♪
♪ 'Round Adventure Bay ♪
♪ Ryder and his team of pups ♪
♪ Will come and save the day ♪
♪ Marshall, Rubble, Chase ♪
♪ Rocky, Zuma, Skye ♪
♪ Yeah, they're on the way ♪
♪ PAW Patrol, PAW Patrol ♪
♪ Whenever you're in trouble ♪
♪ We'll be there on the double ♪
♪ No job's too big
No pup's too small ♪
♪ PAW Patrol, we're on a roll! ♪
♪ So here we go, PAW Patrol ♪
♪ Whoa-oh-oh ♪
-♪ PAW Patrol ♪
-♪ Whoa-oh-oh-oh ♪
♪ PAW Patrol ♪
[barks]
[Skye] "Pups And The Ghost Pirate."
[Skye] Yay! Whoo-hoo!
[all barking]
[laughing]
[howling]
Whoa!
Sorry. I didn't mean to bowl you over.
[chuckles]
Uh, next time,
I'll spare you the wipe-out.
Okay, okay, let's go.
[elevator dings]
PAW Patrol, ready for--
Psst. Psst.
Skye.
Huh?
PAW Patrol, ready for action, Ryder, sir!
Strange things are happening
at Cap'n Turbot's Halloween party.
[beeps]
The sails mysteriously raised
on the ghost ship.
And it sailed out into the bay.
[all gasp]
That's too spooky.
Cap'n Turbot lost his glasses
and can't see well enough
to sail the ship back.
Now everyone is trapped on board.
Are real ghosts on that ship?
I'm sure there's a simple explanation.
[beeps]
Zuma, I'll need you and your hovercraft
to catch up with the runaway ship.
Let's dive in.
[beeps]
Skye, I'll need you and your helicopter
to help slow it down.
[barks] Let's take to the sky.
[beeps]
Marshall, I'll need you
to ride in Skye's harness
to help lower the sails.
Ready for a ruff, ruff rescue.
All right! PAW Patrol is on a roll!
-[all barking]
-Whoo-hoo!
-♪ PAW Patrol ♪
-♪ Go, go, go ♪
-Whoo! Yeah!
-♪ Go, go, go, go ♪
-♪ PAW Patrol ♪
-Yay!
[barking]
-Yeah! [barks] Yeah!
-♪ Go, go, go, go, go ♪
[laughs]
-♪ Zuma! ♪
-♪ Go, go, go ♪
-[barks]
-♪ Go, go, go, go, go, go ♪
-♪ PAW Patrol ♪
-♪ Go, go, go, go, go ♪
-[barks] Yeah!
-♪ Skye! ♪
-♪ Go, go, go, go, go ♪
♪ Go, go, go, go, go, go, go ♪
-♪ PAW Patrol, PAW Patrol ♪
-♪ Go, go, go ♪
[tires squeal]
Whoa!
-[beeps]
-Life jacket, deploy!
[beeps]
Whoa!
[Katie] Whoa.
This ship is sailing really fast.
And out of control!
My purse! Chickaletta!
I'll get her!
Whoa!
Whee!
Here I come.
Whoa!
Ooh! Ooh! Whoa!
I'm going to whoopsie.
Whee!
Oh, thank you, Alex.
You rescued Chickaletta.
[gasps]
Chickaletta?
Where's my darling little purse chicken?
[clucks]
[Ryder] Who could be
steering the ship like that?
I'm not sure I want to know.
Skye, you and Marshall
have to slow the ghost ship down
so Zuma and I can get on board.
Can you get close enough
to lower the sails?
I'll try my best.
They might hit the mast!
[grunting]
Whoa!
[Goodway and Marshall] Whoa!
This pumpkin's going to the patch.
She did it!
-Whoo!
-Hoorah!
[grunts]
-Yay! Skye and Marshall!
-Yay! Whoo-hoo!
You did it!
One sail down and one to go!
[Goodway] Oh, and Skye's the best
little cockapoo copter pilot ever!
[Skye] This pup's gotta fly!
[all cheering]
[chuckles]
ATV on autopilot.
[beeps]
Let's get on board
and get the other sail down.
[grunts]
It's turning again.
[clucking]
[all] Whoa!
Hurry!
Come on! You got it! Jump!
[barks] Whoa!
[Ryder] Zuma!
[barks]
-[grunts]
-Gotcha.
Nice catch.
Nice jump.
[growling]
Something super spooky's
going on up there.
Let's go find out.
Can the sails just raise
all by themselves somehow?
Nope. Nothing's automatic on
this old ship. Somebody must have done it.
But all the somebodies on board
are right here.
So ghosts must have done it.
That is so cool.
There's got to be
some simple explanation for all this.
Like what?
[all] Whoa!
If it is a ghost, he can't steer.
Well, all I know is we need
to get this ship back to shore.
Let's check out the steering wheel.
[all] Whoa!
Marshall? Zuma?
Oh, you meant us too.
Nothing to worry about. [chuckles]
[all] Whoa!
Something must be wrong
with that steering wheel.
[both] Ah!
Uh, sorry.
So that's who's been steering!
Chickaletta.
[clucking]
[laughing] There's your Halloween ghost.
[both sigh]
[gasps]
[clucks]
[all] Chickaletta!
[gasps]
Oh, you saved her from the ghosts.
Thank you, Ryder.
And thank you, pups.
[both] You're welcome, Mayor Goodway.
Actually, Chickaletta was the ghost.
She was moving the steering wheel.
Oh, who's a natural born leader
just like her mommy?
[clucks]
[growling]
[all gasp]
Well, that's definitely not Chickaletta.
Let's see what it is.
-[growling]
-Ah!
Help. Help. Help.
[growling]
I'm guessing our ghost
is behind these barrels.
I'll tell him to go get lost.
No, Ryder, don't!
Pups, I'm kidding about the ghost.
[Marshall and Zuma grunting]
Zuma, Marshall…
it'll be okay.
[growling]
Ryder, be careful.
Okay, everyone,
here's your ghost.
[snores]
[grunts]
Whoo!
Wally's snores echoed behind the barrels,
making that spooky sound.
[all] Oh!
And it was Wally who ate all the cookies.
[snores]
[all laugh]
-[snarls]
-[squawks]
[meows]
[gasps]
Whoa, the sails again.
That's got to be a ghost.
Or a sneaky cat.
[meows]
Cali, you silly kitty.
[purrs]
[squawks]
[meows]
Mystery solved.
Chickaletta was our secret captain.
Wally the walrus made
those ghostly sounds.
And Cali raised the sails.
Wow. Great detective work, Ryder.
Thanks, Mr. Porter.
Now, if you could just find my glasses.
Like the ones in your pocket?
Yes! How did they get there?
Ryder, you're a genius.
Ryder, thank you so much
for rescuing us,
and Chickaletta from those,
well, whatever they were.
No problem. Whenever you're in trouble,
just yelp for help.
Let's get this boat back to the dock
so we can have a real Halloween party.
[both] Woo-hoo!
It's Halloween party time!
Now that we're safely docked,
let's get this ghost ship party started.
I'm so glad to see dry land again.
[chuckles]
Actually, I'm glad to see anything.
[howling]
That did not sound good.
It's not Wally.
[barking]
I bet you it's the real ghosts this time.
Chickaletta's feeling
a little bit too seasick
for a ghost ship party.
So is Cali.
Wait. I want to see the ghost.
I think you're too seasick, Alex.
[howling]
-Ah!
[both] Whoa!
[both laugh]
[howling]
Spooky.
What do you think, Ryder?
I think this is the most mysterious
Halloween party I've ever been to.
I am not going back on that boat.
What are we going to do?
Why don't we take this party
back to the Lookout?
-Great idea!
-Party time!
♪ You're all good pups ♪
-♪ And we saved the day ♪
-[laughing]
♪ And now it's time to play
Around Adventure Bay ♪
[vocalizing] ♪ PAW, PAW, PAW Patrol ♪
[vocalizing] ♪ PAW Patrol ♪
I'm a princess.
Where's my Prince Charming?
[barking]
Here I am. [panting]
♪ Da-da-da-da! Super Chase! ♪
♪ Blue, blue, blue hairdo ♪
[all laugh]
-[meows]
-[clucking]
[clucks]
Huh?
[howling]
[all howl]
Whoa, a flying ghost ship.
This is the greatest Halloween ever.
You have to believe in ghosts now.
I'm sure there's a simple explanation.
I just have no idea what it could be.
Happy Halloween.
[howling]
[all gasp]
[all laugh]
[theme song playing]